Adding tree-sitter-coq grammar (#46)
coq-community/awesome-coq: README.md

- [VsCoq](https://github.com/coq-community/vscoq) - Language server and extension for the Visual Studio Code and VSCodium editors.
- [VsCoq Legacy](https://github.com/coq-community/vscoq/tree/vscoq1) - Backwards-compatible extension for the Visual Studio Code and VSCodium editors using Coq's legacy XML protocol.
- [Waterproof editor](https://github.com/impermeable/waterproof) - Educational environment for writing mathematical proofs in interactive notebooks.

> - [Tree Sitter Rocq](https://github.com/lamg/tree-sitter-rocq) - Tree Sitter Rocq grammar useful for working with text editors like [Helix](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix). This grammar is by definition incomplete and innacurate. See the [warning](https://rocq-prover.org/doc/V9.0.0/refman/language/core/basic.html#syntax-and-lexical-conventions) in this section for more information. 

Reviewer: I think this is a bit too long-winded. How about:
```suggestion
- [Tree Sitter Rocq](https://github.com/lamg/tree-sitter-rocq) - Partial Rocq tree-sitter grammar useful for syntax highlighting in text editors like [Helix](https://github.com/helix-editor/helix), but not recommended for full parsing of Rocq code.
```
